Add documentation website (#142)
ContentSquare/chproxy: docs/content/en/faq.md

---
title: Frequently Asked Questions
menuTitle: FAQ
category: Guides
position: 103
---

* *Is `chproxy` production ready?*

>   Yes, we successfully use it in production for both `INSERT` and `SELECT`

Reviewer: This should be changed. Maybe:
```suggestion
  Yes, we successfully use it in production for `SELECT` requests. Others found it handy for `INSERT` as well. However, our benchmarks proved that it's better to insert data without proxy with `NATIVE` ClickHouse protocol.
```
WDYT?
